main_currency: Gold
main_upgradecurrency: Crystals
main_kills: Kills
main_stage: Stage
main_score: Score
tribe_frost_name: Icerangers
tribe_frost_name_singular: Iceranger
tribe_zombie_name: Zombies
tribe_zombie_name_singular: Zombie
tribe_bear_name: Bears
tribe_goblin_name: Goblins
tribe_goblin_name_singular: Goblin
tribe_bear_name_singular: Bear
tribe_brute_name: Brutes
tribe_brute_name_singular: Brute
tribe_human_name: Humans
tribe_human_name_singular: Human
tribe_lizard_name: Lizards
tribe_lizard_name_singular: Lizard
tribe_skeleton_name: Skeletons
tribe_skeleton_name_singular: Skeleton
tribe_snowman_name: Snowmen
tribe_snowman_name_singular: Snowman
tribe_player_name: Your Army
button_back: Back
unittype_boss: Boss
unittype_tank: Tank
unittype_melee: Warrior
unittype_ranger: Ranger
unittype_mage: Mage
stateeffect_burning: Burn
stateeffect_frozen: Freeze
stateeffect_poisoned: Poison
stateeffect_slagged: Curse
stats_health: Health
stats_damage: Damage
stats_cooldown: Cooldown
stats_stateeffect: Effect
stats_armor: Armor
stats_cost: Cost
stats_skillclass: Skill Class
armor_anti_light: Light
armor_anti_magic: Magic
menu_fight: Fight
menu_edit_army: Edit
skillclass_normal: Normal
skillclass_light: Light
skillclass_magic: Magic